"I was wondering, when Rudjo Rinpoche was offering teachings on his terma, was he reading ever from
yellow scroll? Or was he..."
No, most of the time, his terma teachings were the "Mind Terma". What's the "Mind Terma"?
The teachings said that when he was around the age of 10, he saw Murpema Sambhava, and he saw him
in a direct perception stage around the age of 10.
And they turned him as Tehtung, and they gave the name as known as Dondar Lampa. I think many
babies saw that in our Calling Lamma Pa, that Calling Lamma Pa is what?
"Nirma Kaia Lamma", I recall you, I call you "Nirma Kaia Lamma". So "Nirma Lamma" was the name
given by Murpema Sambhava Hinshoja to him as Tehtungs.
And at that time, also around that same time, that he is, when he was young, many girls came on the
direct perception, as like, what's it called? "Plimet", just with playing, like child playing,
around Tehtung.
And they really gave him yellow scroll papers and many objects, and they also have instructions to
the world.
But when he reached around 10s and in the 20s, then in his teaching, he said he got so many
different kind of disturbance, one after another, and the condition looks like really not circumst
antial, the conditions are not correct.
And he said, "I offered all those yellow scroll papers." Welcome to the Mother Gurgaon. Gurgaon is
the fire deity, the fire prima Buddha, the prima Buddha of the West, I think.
"Sasanya Chumma Mee Gurgaon", yeah. Gurgaon is the mother of fire, that means honor, but however,
in the common level, he burned everything, as he offered.
So he said, he said, "I'm not going to make effort to reveal the Tehtung from the Earth, but I'm
going to help and to re-staintenate the ancient those great Thetungs teaching, teaching and re-st
aintenating, and that's what I'm going to do."
So he made that statement and he burned all the yellow scroll paper, what he obtained, the alien
bath.
So therefore, he really didn't reveal too many in art, art thetmas. So all his, most of his Themah
teachings are what's the mind Themah teaching.
So for example, for example, this Vaidyakalaya teaching, but Rupung, Rupung, that few years ago, we
had the opportunity to give the teaching and go all that short sadhana, we went through that, that
's all teaching is like mind Themah teaching, and with that happened, also, mixtures, I think, which
already translated in the mind, that book, in the image, what that happened.
He's, I think, around eight, in the early thirties, and his retreat in the tiger nest, tiger nest,
nest, and during that night time, he had the dream, one beautiful young again, lady came, came,
came, and she said, she pulled him his hand, arms, arms, and that moment she pulled out, out, one
purva, purva, purva, and this purva is giving to me,
by girl body, just before his departure from Tibet, Tibet at the Bhuntan mountain pass, Bhuntan
mountain pass, now I'm going to give you, and when she said that, and handed that, he was so
excited and happy, happy, and he kind of, in a way grabbed that quickly, and I'm going to take the
empowerment, of course, I'm going to take the empowerment, so he put in three places, his forehead,
and chakra, and half chakra, and that moment, himself, become instantly that Vaidyakalaya, the last
day we practiced, the Black home practice, like that, the whole universe is trembling, waking up,
trembling, and shaking, with roaring homes, and a mantra, and this young lady said, that's the way
you should receive empowerment, that's the way you should receive empowerment.
He said that, and so that's the time he received that, this re-activated his, this, that, what's
called, Munahankar Kipa, as we talked about, that the three lineages, that Kabab Bhunti designated,
and prophetic lineages, and empowerment, aspirational lineage, activated, and then Dakini handed,
handed, that seal things, handed, activated,
so that all these three, this Vaidyakalaya teaching came, but however, even though it's a dream,
and I had also opportunity to see, see, that purpa, is really, he had that purpa, it's not just a
dream, that purpa, that many disciples said, and he, not necessarily him said, when I had the
opportunity, he showed all the collection of his therma, therma discovery things,
but which is not mentioned is therma, all that, this is what I have found, and all these things,
they didn't say exactly when, when that, but later, though some other older students say, that's
what he forgot, therma, that purpa, that ritual object, permission, soya, in the chagal nest, and
when he received the, or when he re-activated it, purpa, purpa, pudrupam teachings said that.
So that's what, mostly he's on Dhuniramalaya teaching, therma teachings are like, mind therma
teaching, and then, then of course, as he commented, that he re-activated the many therma teachings
of the ichin therma teachings, such as Bhima Lampa, Durya Lampa, and Rana Lampa, I mean, all those
therma teachings, he really, he re-activated that, and then re-extend, and then corrected, and then
he kind of supported, he spread those teachings to, to so many,
told and told the students, and so that's what is the duty, and that was also predicted by Murubhe
ma Sambha, in predation, Murubhema Sambha said, his only Dhuniramalaya, all that, his, this and that
things, but he said, he will do two things, he will re-world the new therma, or he will re-stend
any spirit, ancient therma teachings, say that, so he did that.
Can I ask a follow-up question? -What? -Can I ask a follow-up question? -Yeah, okay.
When, when, when, when you were telling about when Durya Rinpoche took, took the purva and received
the three empowerments, could you elaborate more on, you know, when, when Yeshay Sojo said, that's
how you receive empowerment, could you talk more about how we can follow in those footsteps, and we
can receive empowerment?
That, that is, as, as we, we, we learn, we teach empowerment, blessings of the body, speech, mind,
we receive that, those are the, the body blessing and the blessings of the Vedic kalaya.
You, when you receive the Vedic, bless of the Vedic kalaya, or when you receive the body blessings,
that means your body is become the Vedic kalaya, the same, similar status, but not just only body,
but all forms.
Forms of the universe, or the mass and metal. Metal are transformed as form of the wisdom.
That is the one really receiving body empowerment, with your body, but all the forms.
And then when you receive the speech, your speech is transformed as the blessings, your speech is
blessed or become, become as like speech of the Vedic kalaya.
And, but same time, the whole, whole systems, and wind, wind, all transformed at the wisdom, wind,
wisdom, song.
That's what you receive the, the empowerment of the speech.
And the mind, and when you receive that empowerment, and your mind, and mind of the Vedic kalaya,
more and more, become no different, same status.
But the same time, the whole universe, the speech and the scholars, it is completely become as vast
ness, spaciousness, as Dharma, that of true nature state, as all Dharma kalaya states.
And the receiving that understanding and being in that state is known as the receiving empowerment
of the body speech mind.
Thank you.